# Project Meeting 04/11/2019

Robbie and Steven

## Questions
- Lit review has been handed in. When's the hand back date?
    > Will review when we look at the final paper - need to consider any other references that come up during the project, and to adapt to any change in direction. Also to add narrative structure
    
- What's next?
    > Build the deliverable
    
## Progress


## Targets for Next Time

- Start building basic
- Start with DOM?

## Issues

- Think about how to present the results (matplotlib/seaborn?)


## Deadlines

- January presentation

## Next Meeting

15:30 Mon 11/11/2019

